Linking relevant docs on `StreamingResponse` (#10932)
fastapi/fastapi: docs/en/docs/advanced/custom-response.md

{!../../../docs_src/custom_response/tutorial007.py!}
```

> For reference, `StreamingResponse` comes from [`starlette`](https://github.com/encode/starlette).
> More information on it can be found in Starlette's docs:
> https://www.starlette.io/responses/#streamingresponse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read more details about the <a href="https://www.starlette.io/responses/#streamingresponse" class="external-link" target="_blank">`StreamingResponse` object in the official Starlette documentation site</a>.
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, but I prefer to stick with Markdown built-in links, as opposed to new-tab opening. Most of the links in this doc do not use `target="_blank"` method. If others want a new tab, they can CTRL-click as is standard across the internet.
